I think it's always useful if you're considering a career to get into
a career where your interest in what's going on if you doing what you
really love to do shake it ever have a day of work in your life you
just doing it because it is so interesting I would have to say but
I've been in cryptology and computer research for virtually my entire
life and all it was wonderful and I won the lottery when I was eighteen
years old and had more money than I could ever spell I I don't
think I would have changed my life a bit I've enjoyed what I've done
I find it fascinating there is always a challenge in cryptology there's
always a challenge of science and it being part of that and being
part of insuring the civility about those challenges when you're
debating them is so much fun I to me it was the most wonderful feel
like could think up may not be true for everybody but it was for me